TEST OF METTLE Crossplatform Application

## DEVELOPER NOTES ##
Virtual & Physical development applies to all elements of BIOSPHERE Resorts and its Test of Mettle.
  Resort Development
  Host Site Program Development
  Business member program
  Individual member program

Function: 
Seamless virtual and physical integration for BIOSPHERE Resorts and its Test of Mettle video game with its Host Site Program.

Requirements:
A full range of comprehensive functionality will be built upon the BSV blockchain for operation on Web 3.0.
  GPS Location integration for navigation.
  GPS needs to lead members to any Host Site location.
Biometric software from biosuit must communicate with App and video game (updates)
Host Sites require 24 hour security, either by video or physical security guard and attendent.
Security Guards and attendents are actual NPCs in the Test of Mettle video game.
Software needs to provide seamless activity in virtual and physical experiences.
Promo Screen with red/blue fire fist image
  Red Fist opens member sign up
  Blue Fist closes app
Member Sign Up  
Account Verification
  Free Member
  Paid Member - annual/monthly/weekly
    Customize or submit Avatar = avatar becomes NFT by blockchain transaction
    Security feature verifies identity without disclosure of identity in game through NFT avatar
  Paid Member - Pkg
    Alpha Founder - merchandise pkg with biosuit
    Beta Founder - merchandise pkg with biosuit
    Platinum - merchandise pkg with biosuit
    Gold - merchandise pkg with biosuit
    Silver - merchandise pkg
    Bronze - merchandise pkg
    Plastic - merchandise pkg
    Wood - merchandise pkg
    Black - merchandise pkg
Experience 1: Cost = Train = Free Compete = 1 AAT
              .00369 XP + .00369 AAT for training session
              .00369 XP + .00369 AAT for training session

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE PROGRAM
From start to finish, the program is designed to revolve around the local and essential businesses any community relies on.
The experiences for businesses need to be seamless and of premium caliber.

              
ICO
Test of Mettle will announce an ICO for its digital assets and membership...TBA.
